The SUZUKI heart is MOONNebbing!
On this day, the movement began.
On July 7, the people of this land
have shown the courage to fight and succeed.
Today, I am here at your house.
I am very happy to have the opportunity to talk to you here.
Since the Manchurian incident, 11 years have passed.
In the meantime, every week, in the land of China, and in the front lines of the Daito-Ashoki Station,
we have been able to overcome the waves of the sun, overcome the current situation of the situation,
and overcome all kinds of obstacles and difficulties.
I am here with you to the front lines of the Daito-Ashoki Station,
which is the main source of water for the continuous wars and the continuous victories.
The Daito-Ashoki Station is the main source of water for the continuous wars and the continuous victories.
It is a picture that shows the true nature of the capital of the capital city.
As you have seen, the Daito-Ashoki Station has been a place of great power,
and it has been a place of great power for the people of Japan to live in peace and harmony.
Thank you for watching.